---
layout: simple-page
title: Terms of Use
permalink: /terms-of-use/
breadcrumb: Terms of Use
---
### **TERMS OF USE**

##### **Introduction and Incorporation of Terms of Use**

Thank you for visiting http://www.pc.org.sg (“Website”). This Website is comprised of various web pages owned and operated by the National Council of Social Service (“NCSS”) as represented by President’s Challenge Secretariat (“President’s Challenge”, or “we” or “us” as appropriate). These terms and conditions (the "Terms of Use”) govern your access to this Website. President’s Challenge reserves the right to change, amend, modify or vary these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion, and any such change, amendment, modification, addition or deletion shall be effective upon its posting on the Website. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THROUGH THE ENTIRE TERMS OF USE. YOU ARE REQUIRED TO ABIDE BY THESE TERMS OF USE. By continuing to access and use this Website, you hereby declare and agree to enter into an agreement with President’s Challenge and to be legally bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Website. PLEASE CHECK THESE TERMS OF USE PERIODICALLY FOR CHANGES. YOUR CONTINUED ACCESS AND USE OF THIS WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THESE TERMS OF USE WILL MEAN YOU ACCEPT THOSE CHANGES.

##### **Intellectual Property Rights**

The materials located on this Website including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, data compilations and software, and the compilation thereof (collectively, the “Contents”) are the property of President’s Challenge and is protected by Singapore and international copyright laws. All trade marks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Website (collectively, the "Trade Marks") are the registered and unregistered marks of President’s Challenge, and/or our affiliates, and are protected by Singapore and international trade mark laws. Except as otherwise provided, material from this Website, including the Contents and the Trade Marks, shall not be reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise distributed in any way without the prior written consent of President’s Challenge. Modifications of any of the Contents or use of the Contents for any other purpose will be a violation of copyright and other intellectual property rights belonging to President’s Challenge or its licensors. You shall use your best endeavours to protect our intellectual property rights or any derivation thereof, and shall inform us immediately if you learn of any infringement, misappropriation, improper or wrongful use of the same.

##### **Limited License**

We grant you a limited and revocable license to access this Website. This limited license DOES NOT include the right to: - (a)  frame or utilise framing techniques to enclose this Website or any portion thereof; (b)  modify or download this Website or the Contents (except caching or as necessary to view this Website); (c)  make any use of this Website or the Contents other than personal use; (d)  create any derivative work based upon either this Website or the Contents; (e)  collect account information for the benefit of yourself or another party; (f)  use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilising our name or the Trade Marks or to otherwise use the Trade Marks; or (g)  use software robots, spiders, crawlers, or similar data gathering and extraction tools, or take any other action that may impose an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure. In the access or use of this Website, you shall comply with these Terms of Use and the conditions for access or use posted on this Website. You shall act always in accordance with the law, custom and in good faith. You may not make any change or alteration to this Website or any of the Contents or features that may appear on this Website and may not impair in any way the integrity or operation of this Website. However, any use by you of this Website in contravention of these Terms of Use shall terminate the limited licenses in this Clause.

##### **Disclaimer**

This Website and the Contents are intended for the purposes of general information and should not be construed or relied upon as legal or other professional advice. While we have made every effort to ensure that the Contents of this Website are accurate, no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, are made by President’s Challenge on the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability in relation to this Website or its contents for any purpose. President’s Challenge accepts no responsibility for any loss which may arise from reliance on this Website or the Contents. FURTHER, ALTHOUGH WE MAKE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO SECURE COMMUNICATIONS OVER THIS WEBSITE, WHICH MAY VARY DEPENDING ON THE CONTENT OF THE INFORMATION TRANSMITTED, WE DO NOT PROVIDE SECURE TRANSACTIONS AT ALL TIMES. NO SECURITY MEASURES CAN ENSURE COMPLETE PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION, AND WE CANNOT GUARANTEE, AND MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING, THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION TRANSMITTED OR COLLECTED. We shall not be liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting from causes beyond our reasonable control including but not limited to electrical, electronic, technical and computer-related faults and breakdowns, fires, embargoes, the requirements of any civil or military authority, power failure, acts of terrorism or other disturbances or perils of a similar or analogous nature ("Force Majeure Event"). We shall for the duration of such an event, be relieved of any such obligation under these Terms of Use as affected by the said event PROVIDED that the provisions of these Terms of Use shall remain in force with regard to all other obligations under these Terms of Use that are not affected by such event. You therefore agree and acknowledge that any data, enquiry or request made or submitted electronically to this Website is subject to the risks of the occurrence of the risks set out above and if, in any such event, we do not receive the data, enquiry or request submitted by you or if such data, enquiry or request is lost, corrupted or otherwise not accessible, whether wholly or partially for whatever reason, you shall be deemed not to have submitted such data, enquiry or request, and you shall have no claim whatsoever against us for compensation, loss or damage.

##### **Links to third-party sites**

This Website may contain hyperlinks to other websites not under the control of President’s Challenge (“linked sites”). President’s Challenge is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, including without limitation any hyperlink contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to a linked site. President’s Challenge shall not be liable for any damages or loss arising from access to linked sites. Use of the hyperlinks and access to such linked sites are entirely at your own risk. President’s Challenge is providing these hyperlinks to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply endorsement by President’s Challenge of the linked site or any association or affiliation with the operators of a linked site or any trade or service marks, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on such linked sites.

##### **No unlawful or prohibited use**

As a condition of your use of this Website, you warrant that you will not use this Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use. You agree not to use this Website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden or impair this Website or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of this Website.

##### **Materials provided to President’s Challenge or posted on this Website**

President’s Challenge does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to President’s Challenge (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to this Website (collectively known as “submissions”). You agree not to post, upload, submit or otherwise provide a submission that violates or infringes another party’s privacy, copyright, trademark, or any other intellectual property right. By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your submission, you hereby grant President’s Challenge a license to sub-license, copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your submission, and to publish your name in connection with your submission, without requiring your prior consent. You agree that no compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your submission, as provided herein. President’s Challenge is under no obligation to post or use any submission you may provide and may remove any submission at any time at President’s Challenge’s sole discretion. By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your submission, you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the submissions.

##### **Representations and Warranties/Limitation of Liability**

THIS WEBSITE IS PRESENTED "AS IS". WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE OR THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE NOT LEGALLY EXCLUDABLE. YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE), UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, FOR ANY: (a) INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS; (b) ACCESS DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTIONS TO THIS WEBSITE; (c) DATA NON-DELIVERY, MISDELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION OR OTHER MODIFICATION; (d) LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY SORT INCURRED AS A RESULT OF DEALINGS WITH OR THE PRESENCE OF OFF-WEB WEB SITE LINKS ON THIS WEBSITE (e) COMPUTER VIRUSES, SYSTEM FAILURES OR MALFUNCTIONS WHICH MAY OCCUR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING DURING HYPERLINK TO OR FROM THIRD PARTY WEB SITES; (f) ANY INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN CONTENT; OR (g) EVENTS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. FURTHER, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) RELATED TO THIS WEBSITE REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of this Website, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this Website.

##### **Termination/access restriction**

President’s Challenge reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to this Website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time without ascribing any reasons whatsoever and without notice. President’s Challenge reserves the right to temporarily suspend or shut down the Website for system maintenance or for such other purpose as President’s Challenge may require, as and when necessary. Use of this Website is unauthorised in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms of Use, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and President’s Challenge as a result of this agreement or use of this Website. President’s Challenge’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal processes, and nothing contained in these Terms of Use is in derogation of President’s Challenge’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of this Website or information provided to or gathered by President’s Challenge with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and President’s Challenge with respect to this Website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and President’s Challenge with respect to the President’s Challenge website. A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that these Terms of Use and all related documents be drawn up in English.

##### **Privacy Statement**

Please [click here](/privacy/) to view this Website’s Privacy Statement. Please review the Privacy Statement to understand how President’s Challenge collects, uses and discloses information collected and received from you.

##### **Governing law**

We control and maintain this Website from Singapore and make no representation that the material and information contained in this Website is appropriate or available for use in all other locations/jurisdictions. The distribution of material and information on this Website may be restricted by the applicable laws in your jurisdiction. It is your responsibility to find out what those restrictions are and to observe them. These Terms of Use, including any dispute regarding this Website, all rights and obligations and all actions contemplated by these Terms of Use shall be construed and governed in all respects by the laws of the Republic of Singapore. If you have any query on these Terms of Use, please contact us at NCSS_QSM@ncss.gov.sg.
